how to deal with wedding stress welcome
to videojug let's face it planning a
wedding is stressful whether it's
financial stress the volume of planning
or family conflicts that worry you
you will feel stressed at some point of
the planning process it's worth
remembering that everyone has warbly
moments as their wedding approaches but
don't panic videojug is here to help you
alleviate the stress with a few simple
steps step 1 each write your diet is
fundamental in keeping stress at bay
that's not to say you need to diet
we're just saying each right have a
balanced diet that's high in fruit and
vegetables and in Whole Foods bananas
green leafy vegetable stress-busters cut
down on salt sugar and refined products
and don't overdo stimulants like coffee
and alcohol
these will interfere with your sleep
patterns and also leave you dehydrated
although you want to be an ideal weight
for your wedding day avoid drastic diets
and choose well-balanced portion
controlled meals instead remember you
need to keep your energy up before your
wedding day step 2
sleep right sleep is the best relaxer of
all but if you can't nod off use
tried-and-tested techniques to help you
make wedding to-do lists before you go
to bed so you're not making mental ones
as you try to sleep put some lavender
oil on your pillow as it can help relax
your mind don't drink tea or coffee
after lunch
and eat at least two hours before you go
to bed step 3 exercise everyone wants to
look their best on their wedding day and
exercise not only helps you physically
but more importantly it helps you feel
mentally well exercise can do wonders
for mood and appearance
aim for 30 minutes of moderate exercise
a day get off the bus stop earlier each
day or walk to the shops at lunchtime
and you'll notice a difference within
days this will get your heart pumping
giving the entire body energy and oxygen
both of which will ease your stress step
4 ban all wedding talk your diary will
be packed with wedding related
appointments and activities in the
build-up to the wedding from dress
fittings to hair trials to meetings with
The Vicar spare time is at a premium so
don't forget to schedule some downtime
for yourself whether that be a day spend
entirely watching chick flicks or
enjoying a massage and dedicate an
evening a week to be a wedding free zone
where all wedding talk is banned step 5
stick to your budget follow your budget
some wedding stress is money related
keep your budget up to date and talk
about any money concerns with your
fiance if you've planned your budget
there will be fewer nasty surprises when
your bank statements come in each month
step 6 delegate don't be afraid to
delegate you will want to be an overall
control of your wedding but taking on
too many responsibilities can become too
much for even the calmest of people
enlist your bridal party to help out
with as much as they can reserve the big
decisions for yourself such as picking
out your dress and the color schemes but
let others take responsibility for
Bridal favors or a Shazz outfits step 7
focus most of all remember why you're
getting married when you start to feel
under pressure go through old
photographs from when you first met dig
out the love letters you sent to one
another and remember special moments or
dream of the future if you do have
pre-wedding jitters remember you're not
the first look after yourself keep
healthy and minimize your stress and
you'll be ready for your big day
congratulations
now you know how to deal with
pre-wedding stress
you